# Ying Yang Twins For All Seasons

## Project Description:

- Ying Yang Twings For All Seasons provides you with four playlists generated by the Spotify API filtering the entire Ying Yang Twins library of non-stop hits by three qualities: danceability, energy, and valence. In the Spotify API these qualities are represented by a value from 0.0-1.0, so the seasonal playlists will be generated with the following parameters: Winter - 0.0-0.25, Fall - 0.25-0.5, Spring - 0.5-0.75, Summer - 0.75-1.0. I hope to sort the playlists in season-value order from low to high for Fall and Winter and high to low for Spring and Summer. I have no idea what the results will be (do the Ying Yang Twins even have a song in the 0.0-0.25 range?!?!), but I do know that no matter what it will provide at least one (1) chuckle to every viewer. I also really want to get the search bar in there to change the artist and all playlists and info, etc, and the Spotify login to save a generated playlist to your account.

## Wireframe:

- https://drive.google.com/file/d/1pAQX-b_l6eKToCIMhFS_Jz5Pzt8YDhzV/view?usp=sharing

## MVP User Stories:

- As a User, I just want to listen to the Ying Yang Twins entire catalog sorted by associated season (Create Playlists with Spotify API)
- As a User, I just want to know what I'm looking at. (Header with changing artist title and about)
- As a User, I want to know what I'm listening to. (Have some player functionality with Spotify Player (potentially))
- As a User, I want to be able to put in my favorite artist, not the stinky Ying Yang Twins (search bar component - stretch for alphabetical API pull?)

## Stretch:

- Save playlists to your Spotify account with Spotify Authentication
- Curate playlists for potential accuracy (might have to save playlists to my own account and edit, then link to playlists on website.)
- Be able to do seasonal playlist with different weights for danceability, etc...modifying the algorithm.
- STYLE
- Use Spotify's Recommendations to extend playlist length for an infinite season
- Playlist Component details - adding as much info about current song as possible
  onto the page (potentially using a second API - TheAudioDB)

## API:

### Spotify (https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/web-api/):

- [Use GET] https://api.spotify.com/v1/search?q=artist:ying+yang+twins&type=track to get all tracks by the Ying Yang Twins
- [Use GET] https://api.spotify.com/v1/audio-features to obtain danceability, energy, and valence values for all tracks and filter songs into four arrays (also sort by popularity perhaps?)

## Spotify User Auth Goals

- [Use POST] https://api.spotify.com/v1/users/{user_id}/playlists to create Playlists
- [Use POST] https://api.spotify.com/v1/playlists/{playlist_id}/tracks add tracks to playlists

## Technology:

- Javascript
- React
- Spotify
- MAYBE BOOTSTRAP FINALLY?
